![alt text](img/sypnosisLOGO.png)

>Meeting date: 01/06/2018 13:00

Participants
============
| Role | Name | Present |
| ---- | ---- | :-----: |
| Tutor | Emin Thaqi | YES |
| Project Leader | Dimitar Parpulov | YES |
| Project Member | Phat Tran | YES |
| Project Member | Dongdong Ke | YES |
| Project Member | Diqin Yang | YES |

Notes
=====
Questions
---------
 - No Questions.




Feedback
--------
  - In the register page, there are too much info needed for users. 
  - Add the user pictures in the account page.（Could have）
  - After registering, send account info to users's email.(Could have)
  - Finish the most basic functions in next week.


