![alt text](img/sypnosisLOGO.png)

>Meeting date: 15/05/2018 13:00

Participants
============
| Role | Name | Present |
| ---- | ---- | :-----: |
| Tutor | Emin Thaqi | YES |
| Project Leader | Dimitar Parpulov | YES |
| Project Member | Phat Tran | YES |
| Project Member | Dongdong Ke | YES |
| Project Member | Diqin Yang | YES |

Notes
=====
Questions
---------
- Should we add delete buttons behind every item in the shop window or just have a button below the listbox?
    - Do what's easier for now, we can add what's better later.
- Should we display the amount in stock on the items?
    - Have additional information be displayed on demand, for example with a checkbox or display the information on hover. Maybe add indicator when stock is running low.
- Should we have a listbox of RFID-bracelets after successful QR-code scan?
    No, just scan the RFID-bracelet after QR-Code to connect RFID to account.
4. Do we need to prevent identity-theft with QR-codes by making the QR-value complex?
    No, don't need to.
5. How should we handle the process of a person buying multiple tickets when the others don't have an account yet?
    Don't have to implement it yet, just focus on ticket puchase for one account.


Feedback
--------
- Filter windows by user type that the user has access to.
- Tasks more detailed in TODO list.
- Poeple should be able to buy tickets at the event and assign RFID to users.
- Keep track of all extra features. If have time to do it,then do it.
-Good luck.