![alt text](img/sypnosisLOGO.png)

>Meeting date: 15/06/2018 12:00

Participants
============
| Role | Name | Present |
| ---- | ---- | :-----: |
| Tutor | Emin Thaqi | YES |
| Project Leader | Dimitar Parpulov | YES |
| Project Member | Phat Tran | YES |
| Project Member | Dongdong Ke | YES |
| Project Member | Diqin Yang | YES |

Notes
=====



Feedback
--------
- Better to add the button to process the transcation window.
- Better to fix all bugs 
- If person have rfid in the databse, don't assign a new one to it.
- Write the presentation story on paper. Everyone has to inlove the presentation. 
- After final presentation, make the final grade.
- Git Brunch isn't necessary.