![alt text](img/sypnosisLOGO.png)

>Meeting date: 20/03/2018 11:00

Participants
============
| Role | Name | Present |
| ---- | ---- | :-----: |
| Tutor | Emin Thaqi | YES |
| Project Leader | Dimitar Parpulov | YES |
| Project Member | Phat Tran | NO |
| Project Member | Dongdong Ke | YES |
| Project Member | Diqin Yang | YES |

Notes
=====
Questions
---------
- Feedbacks about all documentations
  - Process report is good. When you have problems, describe the problem(how we solved the problem) in the minutes of process report. 
  - Setup report. Describe the GUI part with a little text.
  - Use use cases to test the ERD. Written thing will be helpful. Have a test about all of them.
  - Project plan is good. Add Change chapter how the design change and the description.
- How are employees going to enter the event? (connected with next question)
  - Extra feature. They can scan employees' RFID chips.
- If we make them like normal visitor and give them an account and a ticket then they receive an RFID bracelet with which they can enter and exit freely. But if this is done then can they deposit money in their accounts or our client is going to give each employee a certain amount of money they can use while they are at the event for food and drinks.
- Where does the money from transactions go? (Do stores have a balance of their own?)
  - Shops have the balance account in the database. But it's not mandatory. That's the thing between client and bank.
  

Feedback
--------
 - Before next week, Version1 website should be completed. Next meeting is final meeting.
 - Small changes in GUI or Website. Discuss it and describe the reason why should we change it.
 - Push everything before meeting.
 - Appendix chapter history change.
